[DROOLS-7188] Drools 8 docs : OSGi support retired (#4728)
kiegroup/drools: drools-docs/src/modules/ROOT/pages/release-notes/index.adoc

=== {BUSINESS_CENTRAL} is retired
{BUSINESS_CENTRAL} is no longer a component of {PRODUCT} 8.  For migration, see xref:migration-guide/index.adoc#business-central_migration-guide[Migration guide chapter].

> === OSGi support is dropped
> {PRODUCT} 8 no longer supports OSGi.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== OSGi support is retired
{PRODUCT} 8 no longer provides out of the box OSGi support in its modules.
```

I think we agree we just don't dedicate any longer any modules/capability to OSGi support, while a skilled developer might self-arrange to have it working on OSGi (maybe). The rewriting above is meant to be more explicit about it. wdyt ?

Author: Thank you, Matteo. It sounds much better.
